# Background of the enterprise

EasyJet UK Limited was established in the UK, which is a British low-cost airline. Moreover, this is a good company in the UK and a subsidiary of EasyJet plc. In addition to that, people believe on the services of the company. However, it was founded in 2017 in the UK. This was started after the UK Government triggered Article 50. The company has provided the best services including quality and time to its respected customers. EasyJet is a popular company in the UK. The company has created a good image in less time in the whole world. However, it has suspended some services to specific places as well. The airline was founded in response to the UK's decision to leave the European Union and its preparation for potential Brexit scenarios. With three distinct air operator's licenses and bases in Austria, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, EasyJet is organized as a pan-European national airline. Thus, EasyJet plc is a pan-European airline group that consists of three airlines (easyJet UK, easyJet EU, and easyJet Switzerland), all of which are wholly or partially owned by easyJet plc, a UK-based company that is listed on the London Stock Market Exchange. The company has provided transportation services using more than 162 aircrafts as well. 

# Current IT setup

EasyJet has deployed internal and external networks for connecting their customers and employees. The company is using few cloud services to secure their data and information. The company has used scrum as a technology for business management as well. Thus, the company is using cloud services for managing their internal services including sales, marketing, and others. 
The largest market share for cloud services is held by AWS. Cloud computing services and products from AWS include a wide range of categories, including computation, storage, analytics, databases, connectivity, mobile, development tools, management systems, and IoT. Drop box is a mechanism for sharing and storing files. Microsoft Azure is a good platform, which also provides hosting, backup, and disaster recovery services. Data, protection, and infrastructure services are provided by Rackspace.

